update Caliptra trademark requirements (#713)
chipsalliance/Caliptra: doc/trademark/CaliptraChecklistAndEvaluationMethodology.md

* **Checklist Item:**
  * **Requirement:** SOC firmware that interacts with Caliptra as the privileged PA_USER, including RTM firmware, MUST be measured, and those measurements MUST be submitted to Caliptra.
  * **Recommendation:** Other SOC firmware SHOULD be measured.
  * **Requirement:** Configuration data that modifies the security properties of measured firmware MUST also be measured.

>   * **Requirement:** Collection of measurements MUST occur before execution of the firmware or usage of the configuration data.

Reviewer: I think this could be read as the whole collection needs to be made prior to any execution. What do you think of the following wording?
```suggestion
  * **Requirement:** Each measurement in the collection MUST occur before execution of the firmware or usage of the configuration data.
```

Reviewer 2: made an alternative suggestion.

Reviewer: I like yours better. Resolving this.

>   * **Requirement:** Collection of measurements MUST occur before execution of the firmware or usage of the configuration data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * **Requirement:** The collecting of each measurement MUST occur before execution of that firmware or usage of that configuration data.
```

Author: Fixed
